docs/box.md, before:

Box
===

`import { Box } from 'reactjs-admin-lte';`

The [box component][box-component] is pretty straightforward: it's a box; you put stuff in it. To 
keep things a bit more organized and pretty, it is recommended to use `BoxHeader`s, `BoxBody`s, 
and/or `BoxFooter`s in a `Box`, and then render any children you want inside of those more 
specific containers.

### Sub-components
 - [Box](#box)
   - [Box.Body](#boxbody)
   - [Box.Footer](#boxfooter)
   - [Box.Header](#boxheader)
     - [Box.Header.Title](#boxtitle)
     - [Box.Header.Tools](#boxtools)
     - [Box.Header.UserBlock](#boxuserblock)

---

## Box
`<Box>` - Basic container component.

#### Props
  - __style__ (string) - Changes the color of the box. One of `default`, `primary`, `success`, 
  `warning`, or `danger`.
  
  - __collapsed__ (bool) - If true, the body of the box will be collapsed.

  - __solid__ (bool) - If true, the box header will be a solid color.

  - __loading__ (bool) - If true, the box will show a spinner instead of its children. Defaults to false.

  - __children__ (node) - What you want to put in the Box.

  - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxBody
`<Box.Body>` - Body of the container.

#### Props
 - __noPadding__ (bool) - Removes padding from body body. Defaults to false.

 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxBody.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxFooter
`<Box.Footer>` - Footer of the container.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxFooter.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxHeader
`<Box.Header>` - Header of the container.

#### Props
 - __border__ (bool) - If false, does not draw thin border between header and body. Defaults to true.

 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxHeader.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxTitle
`<Box.Title>` - Title of the box.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in BoxTitle.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxTools
`<Box.Tools>` - Controls for the box, typically buttons and/or button groups, located in the 
box header on the right-hand side by default.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in BoxTools.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxUserBlock
`<Box.Header.UserBlock>` - User picture, name, and info. Goes in the same place a title would, by
default.

#### Props
 - __image__ (node) - User image.

 - __username__ (string) - Username text.

 - __description__ (string) - Subtext that appears under username.

 - __href__ (string) - Link for anchor tag surrounding username.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxCollapsedToggleButton
`<Box.CollapsedToggleButton>` - Button to toggle the collapsed state of the parent box.

#### Props

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.
 
## BoxRemoveButton
`<Box.RemoveButton>` - Button to remove a box from view.

#### Props

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

[box-component]: https://almsaeedstudio.com/themes/AdminLTE/documentation/index.html#component-box

Commit message:

Add widget style and spinner props to Box (#24)

docs/box.md, after:

Box
===

`import { Box } from 'reactjs-admin-lte';`

The [box component][box-component] is pretty straightforward: it's a box; you put stuff in it. To 
keep things a bit more organized and pretty, it is recommended to use `BoxHeader`s, `BoxBody`s, 
and/or `BoxFooter`s in a `Box`, and then render any children you want inside of those more 
specific containers.

### Sub-components
 - [Box](#box)
   - [Box.Body](#boxbody)
   - [Box.Footer](#boxfooter)
   - [Box.Header](#boxheader)
     - [Box.Header.Title](#boxtitle)
     - [Box.Header.Tools](#boxtools)
     - [Box.Header.UserBlock](#boxuserblock)

---

## Box
`<Box>` - Basic container component.

#### Props
  - __style__ (string) - Changes the color of the box. One of `default`, `primary`, `success`, 
  `warning`, `danger`, or `widget`.
  
  - __collapsed__ (bool) - If true, the body of the box will be collapsed.

  - __solid__ (bool) - If true, the box header will be a solid color.

  - __loading__ (bool) - If true, the box will show a spinner instead of its children. Defaults to false.

  - __spinner__ (string) - Changes the loading spinner. One of `circle-o-notch`, `cog`, `gear`, 
  `refresh`, or `spinner`. Defaults to `refresh`.

  - __children__ (node) - What you want to put in the Box.

  - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxBody
`<Box.Body>` - Body of the container.

#### Props
 - __noPadding__ (bool) - Removes padding from body body. Defaults to false.

 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxBody.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxFooter
`<Box.Footer>` - Footer of the container.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxFooter.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxHeader
`<Box.Header>` - Header of the container.

#### Props
 - __border__ (bool) - If false, does not draw thin border between header and body. Defaults to true.

 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in the BoxHeader.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxTitle
`<Box.Title>` - Title of the box.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in BoxTitle.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxTools
`<Box.Tools>` - Controls for the box, typically buttons and/or button groups, located in the 
box header on the right-hand side by default.

#### Props
 - __children__ (node) - What you want to render in BoxTools.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxUserBlock
`<Box.Header.UserBlock>` - User picture, name, and info. Goes in the same place a title would, by
default.

#### Props
 - __image__ (node) - User image.

 - __username__ (string) - Username text.

 - __description__ (string) - Subtext that appears under username.

 - __href__ (string) - Link for anchor tag surrounding username.

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

## BoxCollapsedToggleButton
`<Box.CollapsedToggleButton>` - Button to toggle the collapsed state of the parent box.

#### Props

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.
 
## BoxRemoveButton
`<Box.RemoveButton>` - Button to remove a box from view.

#### Props

 - __className__ (string) - Additional classes you would like to add.

[box-component]: https://almsaeedstudio.com/themes/AdminLTE/documentation/index.html#component-box
